what's up guys welcome to episode 5 of
my minecraft world sorry I haven't made
a video in a few days I've been trying
to get my server set up and running
properly I had to change where I router
and modem are in the house and I had to
set up my server on my PC because my mac
unfortunately is unable to run java at
the moment so whatever anyway the server
is now up and running I got my buddy
Curtis he goes by the name independent
he is now on the server so me and him
are going to be making our own little
inventions and her own little buildings
and stuff this is currently his area
this is actually the bridge that leads
to my castle but he's going to be
probably building a sky castle right
here so let's head towards my castle and
you guys can see how long this bridge is
one of the things that I will say about
this update is there are no more super
holes which I don't know if if you play
on a server you know that before if you
travel so far there'd be a huge gap and
it was such a pain because you have to
you know you had to disconnect and
reconnect and it just just became a pain
to travel any kind of a distance but now
it seems like that's fixed so big thanx
to notch for getting that taken care of
another big thing that I noticed was the
shading can't really tell right now
because there aren't any torches and
it's not dark but he did improve the
shading so thank you for for improving
the shading match way to go another
thing that I think is different is the
way that the world drawers and stuff in
the background maybe it's just me being
dumb but it looks like it's a little bit
smoother right now I have my render
distance set to I think normal and I'm
noticing a lot less glitching I'm a lot
less lag like before it would like chug
you know it would just sit there and try
to draw in the background but now it
seems like it's a lot smoother so what
else has changed I don't have the full
list in front of me but from now for
right now that's that's all I can see um
so this is the bridge that leads from my
castle to my friends castle which is in
Bell Chet but he'll he'll go to
eventually see what else have I done
since the last video this is pretty much
it I did make an underwater mining
mining operation I'll show you guys that
in a minute this bridge is freaking long
I think what we're going to do is put a
mine mine track here in the middle just
so we can get back and forth easier oh
and I did figure out that there is no
end to the Minecraft world I saw a
couple of videos where basically if you
just keep walking in any direction it'll
keep generating world for you so I think
that's pretty cool see I'm still not to
my castle this is a really long bridge
one of the things that I want to start
playing around with our the mine tracks
I'm not quite sure how they work yet but
they look pretty interesting so I'm
probably be starting out my my little
mind track series i'm probably going to
be making a first time probably to make
a track down in my mining operation and
then i'm going to think about making
like a monorail it goes around the
island well first let me show you guys I
haven't done anything up here is still
the same let me take you guys to my
underground mining operation can I get
to the water from here no crap okay to
go down the long way
um as you guys can see you see this
shading here at the bottom let me go
inside I'll show you better in there
okay see before you you wouldn't see
this dark edge and it really adds a
realistic element to the game I think so
you have major major improvement I did
add to my supply water supply room
there's now another infinite water box
so that's pretty cool coming down to my
beach area I did find a dungeon in this
underground mining operation that i'm
going to show you but i'm going to wait
for my friend independent because there
are like 15 skeletons in there and I
need somebody else with me so basically
this is my underwater mining operation
this is operation number two the first
one is over there somewhere underneath
my castle this operation i think is
pretty cool because i found was it like
40 diamonds within 25 minutes which is
crazy but basically i'm following the
same pattern as before basically once i
get to my floor just forward backwards
and then left right and that's right
babe whoa oh my god no way these guys
are supposed to be rare holy crap these
are the first time I've ever seen these
guys I'm not sure if they hurt me deck
all right I'm gonna try to kill these
guys
um well this is weird I guess these guys
are just chillin in my uh my little
hallway here come on turn around let me
see your face cuz at your face I don't
know I know they're called slime are
Slimers or slime balls but I've never
seen him before this is the first time
ever you see um Jesus you guys are a
little hyperactive you need to relax all
right um I'm not exactly sure what I'm
supposed to do with these guys but I
can't get past them to show you what's
over there so yeah I'm just gonna go
this way that is really odd that's crazy
i've never seen those guys before um so
yeah I'm going to call it into this
video for now guys there isn't really
too much more I can show you but I will
be releasing more videos more frequently
now that I have my minecraft server set
up and running and eventually I will be
holding contests so that you guys can be
a part of the server the only thing that
I ask is that you do not destroy my
castle I'm probably going to go in and
make spawn my castle so that nobody can
add or edit or destroy anything in the
castle but if you guys like this video
go ahead and comment subscribe give me a
thumbs up and stay tuned for more
minecraft